# Group Projects

I have included the full projects in their final iterations in the interest of context, but where possible I have duplicated the code which I personally authored to a separate folder for easy perusal. I was the maenager for most of these projects. 

- Virtual Machine: This was an introductory project, and as such contains the least documentation. My main contributions were in developing the virtual address space and performing code improvement to cut runtime of benchmark programs from minutes to under six seconds. Once complete, it was used to run various programs, including a trim Linux distribution. 
- Community Gate Keypad: Using the Waterfall methodology, I led my team to develop state-based software behind a community gate keypad. I personally developed the control logic and superclass hierarchy of the top-level components.
- Security System: Also using the Waterfall methodology, I led my team to develop the software to drive a security system for an exotic dinosaur park. I personally developed the class hierarchy of the software with an eye to providing functionality and ease of use for other developers, as well as performing much of the final assembly into a working product. 
- Simple Compiler: This was the capstone project for one of my last classes. With a smaller team, we used an Agile methodology to develop a small compiler over the course of several sprints. I provided much of the code generation, and I developed several fixed-point code analysis and improvement algorithms. The final report for this project is in the folder, and as required, the entirety of my code contribution and an explanation of it spans from pages 18 to 55.
